IBX-8104: How to configure Elasticsearch with language analyzers (3.3) (#2411)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/guide/search/elastic.md

                # ...
```

#### Add language-specific analysers

You can configure Elasticsearch to perform language-specific analysis like stemming.
This way searching for "cars" returns hits with content that contains the word "car".
On a multilingual site, you can have different analyzers configured for different languages, something which is typically required because stemming rules are language-specific.

##### Make a copy of the default template

> To enable a language-specific analyzer, create a new template for each language in `config/packages/ibexa_elasticsearch.yaml` first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable a language-specific analyzer, create a new template for each language in `/config/packages/ezplatform_elastic_search_engine.yaml` first.
```

> This template should be based on the `default` template found in `vendor/ibexa/elasticsearch/src/bundle/Resources/config/default-config.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template should be based on the `default` template found in `vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-elastic-search-engine/src/bundle/Resources/config/default-config.yaml`.
```
